The proposed two-phase solution looks reasonable, but DO NOT modify any files yet.

Before implementing it, perform one final validation of the proposed design against the CURRENT repository and networking configuration.

I want to make sure we do not fix the RBAC sequencing problem and then fail at the separate ZIP deployment step because of Function App/Kudu/private networking.

Please validate all of the following:

1. Confirm the GitHub Actions runner used by azure-infra-deploy.yaml:
   arc-k8s-standard-azure

2. Determine whether this runner can reach the Function App deployment/SCM endpoint for:
   sox-dev-function

3. Inspect the Function App networking configuration and determine:
   - whether public network access is enabled/disabled
   - whether the Function App has a private endpoint
   - whether the SCM/Kudu endpoint is reachable from the runner
   - whether private DNS exists for the Function App/SCM endpoint
   - whether any VNet integration/private endpoint configuration affects ZIP deployment

4. Check whether this command is actually appropriate in our environment:

   az functionapp deployment source config-zip

   Do not assume it works just because it is a valid Azure CLI command.

5. Determine exactly which endpoint that command will use and whether our runner has network connectivity to it.

6. Check the current GitHub workflow authentication and confirm the existing Azure login identity can execute the ZIP deployment after Terraform apply.

7. Confirm that removing:

   zip_deploy_file = data.archive_file.function[0].output_path

   will NOT cause Terraform to:
   - destroy/recreate the Function App
   - remove the Function source unexpectedly
   - continuously detect unwanted drift on future plans

8. Confirm whether removing the archive_file data source is safe, or whether any other Terraform resource/output references it.

9. Validate the proposed ZIP packaging command carefully.

The function dependencies are currently installed into the function directory. Confirm that:

   cd function
   zip -r sox-function.zip .

produces the correct Azure Functions ZIP structure.

The ZIP root must contain the actual Function App files and must NOT accidentally contain an extra top-level "function/" directory.

10. Do NOT use a blind fixed sleep as the primary readiness mechanism.

Design a readiness check before ZIP deployment that verifies the Function App is actually ready for deployment.

If RBAC propagation requires retries, use bounded retry/backoff with clear logging.

11. Determine whether AzureWebJobsStorage access can be validated before attempting ZIP deployment.

12. Check whether the Function App currently being TAINTED changes any of the above.

IMPORTANT:
Do not run terraform untaint.
Do not run terraform apply.
Do not modify Terraform state.
Do not edit any files.
Do not deploy anything.

Return only:

A. Is the proposed two-phase design safe? YES/NO and why.

B. Can arc-k8s-standard-azure reach the required Function/SCM deployment endpoint?

C. Is `az functionapp deployment source config-zip` appropriate for this exact networking setup?

D. Is the proposed ZIP structure correct?

E. Can archive_file be safely removed?

F. What readiness/RBAC check should replace the blind sleep/retry approach?

G. Will removing zip_deploy_file cause any Function App replacement or future Terraform drift?

H. Exact final files that would need modification.

I. Exact final proposed diff.

J. Final expected deployment sequence.

Do not make any changes until I explicitly approve the final diff.
